Added a test section (#933)
kubeshop/tracetest: README.md

Is available at [https://kubeshop.github.io/tracetest](https://kubeshop.github.io/tracetest)

# Tests

> We strive to produce quality code and improve Tracetest rapidly and safely. Therefore, we have a full suite of both frontend and backend tests. We are using Cypress to test our frontend code and (surprise surprise) Tracetest for our backend code. You can see the [test runs here](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/actions/workflows/pull-request.yaml), and a blog post describing our [testing pipelines here](https://kubeshop.io/blog/integrating-tracetest-with-github-actions-in-a-ci-pipeline).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strive to produce quality code and improve Tracetest rapidly and safely. Therefore, we have a full suite of both frontend and backend tests. We are using Cypress to test our frontend code and (surprise, surprise) Tracetest for our backend code. You can see the [test runs here](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/actions/workflows/pull-request.yaml), and a blog post describing our [testing pipelines here](https://kubeshop.io/blog/integrating-tracetest-with-github-actions-in-a-ci-pipeline).
```

> We strive to produce quality code and to be able to improve Tracetest rapidly, and safely. Thus, we have a full suite of both frontend and backend code. We are using Cypress for our frontend code, and, surprise surprise, Tracetest for our backend code. You can see the [test runs here](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/actions/workflows/pull-request.yaml), and a blog post describing our [testing pipelines here](https://kubeshop.io/blog/integrating-tracetest-with-github-actions-in-a-ci-pipeline).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strive to produce quality code and improve Tracetest rapidly and safely. Therefore, we have a full suite of both frontend and backend code. We are using Cypress for our frontend code and (surprise surprise) Tracetest for our backend code. You can see the [test runs here](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/actions/workflows/pull-request.yaml), and a blog post describing our [testing pipelines here](https://kubeshop.io/blog/integrating-tracetest-with-github-actions-in-a-ci-pipeline).
```
